[DO NOT MERGE][WEB-1311]update local references to num of integrations from 400 to 450 (#10297)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/metrics/_index.md

Metrics provide an overall picture of your system. You can use them to assess the health of your environment at a glance—how quickly users are loading your website or the average memory consumption of your servers, for instance. Once you identify a problem, you can use [logs][1] and [tracing][2] to further troubleshoot.

> Metrics that track system health come automatically through Datadog's integrations with 450+ services. However, you can also track metrics that are specific to your business—also known as custom metrics—from the number of user logins to user cart sizes to the frequency of your team’s code commits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics that track system health come automatically through Datadog's integrations with more than {{< translate key="integration_count" >}} services. However, you can also track metrics that are specific to your business—also known as custom metrics—from the number of user logins to user cart sizes to the frequency of your team’s code commits.
```
